1.	Introduction
1.1.	Purpose
The Project Management Document provides a planning estimation and schedule of the PowerEnjoy project development. It also presentes a proposal of task assignment and minimal needed budget. The aim of this document is to be a complete support for the project manager to ensure that the software will be delivered in time. 
For that purpose, it requires to take into account the context, requirements and the interaction of economical, social, technical and organizational aspects.

1.2.	Scope
The scope of the project PowerEnjoy, which is a service based on mobile application, is to manage, design, build, and implement a service aimed at facilitating public transportation. The application provides to its target, the client, a way to research an electric car near a position, reserve it and pick it for a ride. At the end the application sends the ride's bill to the client. The PowerEnjoy application needs the client to be registered in its database before he can reserve a car, for security and payment reasons (credential information, driver license, and identity card).  When the client logs in, the mobile application allows him to reserve a car around an address or his GPS position. Then it provides him details about his reservation on the main page.  The application also allows the client to cancel his reservation, unlock the reserved car when he is near it, and access his account details to modify it. 
After the ride the application locks the car and sends an email to the client with the bill of the ride. The mobile application can moreover give discounts and charges in function of the client’s ride such as sharing the car or plug it in power grid station. The PowerEnjoy application is built in order to ensure an easy and clear reservation service as well as an effective data collecting and saving.  This refers the PowerEnjoy application simplifies the customer’s uses, optimises the time to reserve a car and adjusts the price of the ride according to the driver.

1.3.	Definitions, Acronyms, Abbreviations
1.4.	Reference documents
1.5.	Used Tools
1.6.	Document structure
The document is scheduled in the following way :

Project size, cost and effort estimation 
In this section are describing the Function Points of the PowerEnjoy project, to estimate its size, and the estimations of the effort and cost needed to achieve the project, with COCOMO II.
Tasks Schedule
This part presents the different tasks of the project and their schedule according to the results found in the previous part, so that each part of the project is covered.
Resource Allocation
The third part allocates each member of our group to the various tasks, according to our availability and skills.
Risk Management
In this section are given the risks that the PowerEnjoy project may enconter and their relevance. Then some general recoveries will be given.
Finally the hours of work repartition follows this section.

2.	Project size, cost and effort estimation 
In this section are described the estimations made to calculate the cost, the size and the effort needed to produce the PowerEnjoy software system. To achieve the size estimation, the Function Points approach is chosen. It permits to characterize the dimension of the PowerEnjoy software by using its major functionnalities and the average code line produced, here, in Java.
To perform this point, only the business logic part was used because the user interface one is less representative of the project. Indeed, from a general point of view, it is only composed of the connections to the API and the creation of the interface.  
Secondly, concerning the cost and effort estimation, the COCOMO II model is applied. By taking into account the characteristics
of product and process of the system it gives back a result based on statistical variables.
  
2.1.	Size estimation: function points 
2.1.1.	“Internal Logic Files (ILFs)” 
2.1.2.	“External Logic Files (ELFs)”
2.1.3.	“External Inputs (EIs)”
2.1.4.	“External Inquiries (EQs)” solution
2.1.5.	“External Outputs (Eos)”
2.1.6.	“Overall estimation“
2.2.	Cost and effort estimation: COCOMO II 
2.2.1.	“Scale Drivers” 
2.2.2.	“Cost Drivers” 
2.2.3.	“Effort equation” 
2.2.4.	« Schedule estimation » 
 
3.	Tasks Schedule
In this part is given the general PowerEnjoy project schedule.
This schedule presents the different tasks of the project with the estimate time and resources required to complete them.
This plan will be regularly revise to take into account the changes (such as requirements, or business goals ones) that may occurs during the evolution of the project and affect all the project.  
The schedule has been made to avoid delays and organize concurrency between tasks, however it contains an estimation of the Development, Deployment and Start-up parts conduct because they can't actually be done by us (like the meeting with the stakeholders). 

 
4.	Resource Allocation
This section presents how the tasks, defined in the previous part, will be assigned to the different members of the PowerEnjoy project team. This allocation include the Development, Deployment and Start-up parts as the Tasks Schedule to assure a realistic presentation of the  project development. Moreover, for the same reason, the ITD tasks have been divided in a different way than what occurs in reality. 
Finally, for a sake of clarity, the RASD and DD tasks have been grouped in two more general parts. 
In the Resource Allocation table bellow, the colors represent the group of tasks defined in the tasks schedule : RASD, DD, ITD, Development, Deployment and Start-up.

 
5.	Risk Management
All along the development process and after the deployment the project may face several risks, this section will make an exhaustive list of those risks.

5.1. Risks during the development
Our development team is composed of only three members, therefore a big risk can be someone being ill or absent for a long period of time. This type of issue is likely to cause delays, especially if the concerned employee is managing a very specific part of the project. An other related contigency can be someone quitting the company, in this case the resulting delays can be significant if no applicant with enough skills is found to replace the vacant position. The best solution to this is to make sure that every employee has enough responsability within the project and that everyone is capable of doing all the parts of the project in order to have a flexible team.
Similarly, the versioning systems that will be used must be well organized in order to optimize commits and so gain a significant amount of time for the development process.
Our system also depends on a big panel of external components such as the bank transaction service or the SMS gateway, we then need to be sure that those components will work and be reliable for a reasonnable amount of time. An active support and regular updates are also preferable.

5.2. Risks after the deployment
Once the PowerEnjoy service is deployed, it can still face many risks such as not being accepted by the taxi driver lobby, in fact, the PowerEnjoy service is providing cars accessible to any individual capable of driving, therefore it causes harm to the taxi drivers by taking off a big part of their customer base. Being a powerful lobby, the best arrangement is to include the union of the taxi drivers in the meeting with the stakeholders in order to find compromise with them.
Another important aspect that we need to take into account for the PowerEnjoy service is the legislative one. Indeed, the laws regarding driving license and cars may be subject to changes, therefore it is important to stay aware of the new laws that may be problematic for our system. For example the usage of navigation systems with screen may become forbidden, we would then adapt the service that informs the drivers about the power grid positions.
Then, since the PowerEnjoy service is only accessible through a smartphone our customer base is limited. According to the Pew Research Center, in 2015 in Italy, 60% of adults own a smartphone and 88% of the italians aged between 18 and 34 own one. The risk is that many possible customers will not be able to access the system only because of not owning a smartphone, but the figures are increasing exponentially every year and should not be a concern anymore in several years.
 
 
6.	Hours of work
6.1.	Vianney Payelle
6.2.	Rémi Rigal
21/01/2017: 2h
22/01/2017: 2h
6.3.	Noëlie Ramuzat
