1.	Introduction

1.1.	Purpose
The Integration Test Plan Document provides a dynamic technique to verify and validate the activities and software artifacts of a project.
Its aim is to find and show the presence of bug in the project. In this document is used systematic testing which uses the structure of the software artifacts and some information on the system's behavior.

1.2.	Scope
The scope of the project PowerEnjoy, which is a service based on mobile application, is to manage, design, build, and implement a service aimed at facilitating public transportation. 
The application provides to its target, the client, a way to research an electric car near a position, reserve it and pick it for a ride. At the end the application sends the ride's bill to the client. 
The PowerEnjoy application needs the client to be registered in its database before he can reserve a car, for security and payment reasons (credential information, driver license, and identity card).  
When the client logs in, the mobile application allows him to reserve a car around an address or his GPS position. Then it provides him details about his reservation on the main page.  
The application also allows the client to cancel his reservation, unlock the reserved car when he is near it, and access his account details to modify it. 
After the ride the application locks the car and sends an email to the client with the bill of the ride. The mobile application can moreover give discounts and charges in function of the client’s ride such as sharing the car or plug it in power grid station. 
The PowerEnjoy application is built in order to ensure an easy and clear reservation service as well as an effective data collecting and saving.  
This refers the PowerEnjoy application simplifies the customer’s uses, optimises the time to reserve a car and adjusts the price of the ride according to the driver.

1.3.	Definitions, Acronyms, Abbreviations
1.4.	Reference documents
1.5.	Used Tools

1.6.	Document structure
In the following parts of the document are described the main caracteristics of the integration testing plan. 
Integration Strategy
This section introduces the elements to be tested and how they will be integrated, describing moreover the other criterias related to the integration. 
Individual Steps and Test Description
This part describes the type of tests that will be used to verify that the elements integrated at each step perform as expected.
Tools and Test Equipment Required
In this section are presented all the tools and test equipments needed to accomplish the integration. 
Program Stubs and Test Data Required 
This part identifies the program stubs and special test data that are required for each integration step.
Finally the hours of work repartition follows this section.

2. Integration Strategy

2.1 Entry Criteria (test deliverables + testing tasks)
Specify the criteria that must be met before integration testing of specific elements may begin (e.g., functions must have been unit tested). 

2.2 Elements to be Integrated
Identify the components to be integrated, refer to your design document to identify  such components in a way that is consistent with your design.

2.3 Integration Testing Strategy (approach)
Describe the integration testing approach (top-­-down, bottom-­-up, functional groupings, etc.)  and the rationale for the choosing that approach. 

2.4 Sequence of Component/Function Integration
NOTE: The structure of this section may vary depending on the integration strategy you select in Section 2.3;  use the structure proposed below as a non mandatory guide
2.4.1 Software Integration Sequence. 
For each subsystem, identify the sequence in which the software components will be integrated within the subsystem; relate this sequence to any product features that are being built up.
2.4.2 Subsystem  Integration Sequence.
Identify the order in which subsystems will be integrated; if you have a single subsystem, 2.4.1 and 2.4.2 are to be merged in a single section. You can refer to Section 2.2 of the test plan example [1] as an example. 

2.5.	Item Pass/Fail Criteria [vianney]
2.6.	Environmental Needs  [vianney]
2.7.	Responsibilities [vianney]
2.8.	Risks and Contingencies [vianney]

3.  Individual Steps and Test Description (Test case specifications + Test procedures)
For each step of the integration process above, describe the type of tests that will be used to verify that the elements integrated in this step perform as expected. Describe in general the expected results of the test set.
You may refer to Chapter 3 and Chapter 4 of the test plan example [1] as an  example of what we expect. (NOTE: This is not a detailed description of test protocols. Think of this as the test design phase. 
Specific protocols will be written to fulfill the goals of the tests in this section.)
3.1. Integration Test case I1
3.2. Test procedure TP1

4. Tools and Test Equipment Required
Identify all tools and test equipment needed to accomplish the integration.  Refer to the tools presented during the lectures. Explain why and how you are going to use them. Note that you may also use manual testing for some part. 
Consider manual testing as one of the possible tools you have available.

5. Program Stubs and Test Data Required 
Based on the testing strategy and test design, identify any program stubs or special test data required for each integration step.

6.	Hours of work
6.1.	Vianney Payelle
6.2.	Rémi Rigal
6.3.	Noëlie Ramuzat

